[music]
Good morning. It's 9:00 a.m. in Greater
[music] China. I'm David Glass. You're
watching the China Show, coming to you
live from the Bloomberg Invest here in
Hong Kong. Policy makers and industry
executives are joining us to discuss the
future of the financial hub as it
navigates this geopolitical turmoil of
course and heightened regulation from
Beijing. We'll have a lot of
conversations coming through over the
next few hours or so including some
exclusives with the Hong Kong financial
secretary Paul Chan and Hong Kong
Exchanges CEO Bonnie Chan. Have a look
on your screens as well. CFOs of Lenovo
and BU are also joining us over the
course of today really as Beijing
prepares to spend close to $300 billion
to build out its AI data centers across
the region. Also discussing markets with
major asset managers in public and
private markets amidst of course this
flare up in violence in the Middle East.
Right, welcome to the show. Hope you're
all well. Lots to get through over the
next two hours or so. Uh we're just
about to get started here of course on
the ground at Bloomberg Invest Hong
Kong. Things kick off in about 30
minutes from now with of course some
welcome remarks and uh reason why I am
sitting alone here right now is my
co-anchor of course Ivon man is standing
by uh inside uh for that exclusive
conversation with Paul Chan in about 30
minutes from now. Right. Uh we'll also
get you caught up with some breaking
news right now as it pertains to what's
happening over uh in the Middle East. So
two things here. number one and this one
just crossing the terminal over the last
few minutes or so. So, the US has
completed its strikes uh in response to
Iran's helicopter attack. The details so
far, not a lot. We know a little bit
about what's happened though, just to
put a caveat that so they did strike
some sites near the straight of Hormuz
um in terms of the assets that were
targeted um Iranian air defense and
ground control stations. Now before
that, in a few minutes before those
headlines drop, let me just take you
through the other side of the
conversation here that Iran has launched
a drone strike on the US fifth fleet in
Bahrain. So those two things are
happening simultaneously. Brent on your
screens slightly to the upside with a 92
handle right now. In fact, let's get uh
a better sense and context here of
markets, direction of travel and
everything in between. Averil Hong is
with us in Singapore to get us up to
speed on markets. April.
>> Yeah, Dave. I mean, it was really about
the US talking about self-defense
striking Iran and this is following on
from the attack on the US helicopter.
So, we actually saw Brent spiking a
little bit. But just as soon as we saw
those headlines dropping about the US
completing its strikes on Iran, Brent
has reversed a lot of those gains.
You're sitting away from the session
hives of about 9320.
We are also looking out for of course uh
the signs of this demand destruction in
China, the rest of Asia as well. That's
something that has been feeding into the
data and of course that is against the
backdrop of traders watching out for
USCPI after the surprisingly strong jobs
report last week. We're going to be
watching out for the extent in which the
Middle East conflict has been showing up
in pricing pressure in the US. We
already know how some traders have been
putting in more hawish protection and
some are positioning for a hike as soon
as September. Of course, in terms of
stocks overnight in the US, we ended
quite mixed. There was a lot of
volatility in the chip makers. It's also
about this continued risk management
that we've been seeing the past couple
of sessions. So yesterday's rebound
initially that didn't last very long and
towards the end of the session in Asia.
We are taking a look of course at the
Cosby that bell weather of the risk
appetite. We've been seeing those swings
the past two sessions 8% up and down
today. You're trending lower given the
handover that we got from the US. Uh
still those questions about the IPO
pipeline and where the money is going to
come from as we watch for those three
big US IPOs in China. Watching PPI CPI
data as well. But the UN and the
advance, given the really promising
trade numbers out of China, watching the
Telos and the chip makers given this
package that we've gotten uh news of
that suggestion that there could be two
trillion yen that's going to be pumped
into the AI infrastructure buildout. So,
we'll watch those movers as well in this
session. Dave,
>> right, uh April, thank you for that.
Yeah. Uh let's get more details on
what's taking place right now with all
the breaking news uh there in the Middle
East. Jill Dies joins us right now, our
managing editor. Jill, get us up to
speed the context into the last few
minutes and what do we know about the
last few minutes?
>> Yes, David. So, uh what we've just seen
is that US Central Command has
essentially put out a statement saying
that these retaliatory strikes have been
completed. So remember these are strikes
uh that the US says were in response to
uh the shooting down of a US Army
helicopter. Uh no soldiers were hurt uh
in that incident, but Trump has blamed
Iran for that event and so has framed
this latest round of strikes that the US
has made on Iran as a retaliation. Uh
the takeaway here from this latest US
Central Command statement is that the US
is trying to portray this as a a limited
in scope kind of response that this
isn't something that they would like to
escalate um to you know get out of
control that would derail these uh
ongoing peace talks. So it's a really
difficult line that you know the US and
others are kind of walking here but
essentially they're saying you know
there's not going to be any more
strikes. Um clearly the US is wants to
continue peace negotiations. Trump has
made it very clear that he would like to
see something resolved between these two
nations uh within a matter of days um
potentially weeks. Um but this is really
an an effort by the United States to
contain uh some of that fallout here. I
think though, David, the really
important thing to remember here is that
over the last week, we've seen sort of
an exchange of strikes involving a
number of nations that really does mark
uh one of the most violent periods of
this conflict since that initial
ceasefire between the US and Iran was
announced at the beginning of April. So,
it's a little bit difficult to see where
exactly we go from here in terms of
establishing something that could lead
to longerlasting peace.
Yeah, we're trying to triangulate really
the direction of travel. I mean, we woke
up this week with oil below 90 as a
headline in terms of the encouraging
side of things. Jill, what is the course
of travel here? Are these strikes
sporadic as it they may seem. Are they
self-contained or are things getting
actually worse?
>> I mean, I think at this point, David,
um, a little bit hard to tell. We'll
have to see whether or not what central
command says here actually does hold
that there's not going to be any further
flare-ups. But I do think that you know
when you look at the last several days
you had um you know the deaths up
between Israel and Hezbollah that
attempt at uh you know sort of a a truce
between Israel and and Lebanon and
Hezbollah uh that kind of fell apart and
then you you saw a little bit of that uh
flare up over the weekend. So I do think
the fact that you have seen this
significant military action is a bit
concerning when it comes to uh the
status of these trade of these peace
talks rather. I do think the other thing
to note is that JD Vance vice president
of the United States uh was on uh a
television network earlier today uh
saying that it could be weeks maybe
months for something to ultimately be
resolved here. So you're getting a lot
of different timelines that are coming
out of the United States right now. I
think just indicative of the fact that,
you know, maybe the Trump administration
does want to bring things to a close,
but there's a lot of daylight between
these nations. There's a lot of
potential for risk here in terms of uh,
you know, these types of military
actions. So, they're trying to bring
things together again, but it's really
unclear uh how long it's going to
actually take to come together.
>> Jill, thank you so much for getting us
up to speed. Jill D is there in the Hong
Kong studios. U markets are doing, we're
down about just under 1% right now on
the Asian benchmark. We're coming off a
2.6% gain of course uh in the previous
session when you look at the Chinese
markets a lot of things to consider a
group of stocks we're tracking almost
anything that has to do with this
buildout in data centers following of
course that Bloomberg reports uh massive
one of course which caused a movement uh
in in markets overnight. So the headline
is China is preparing to spend around
just under 300 billion uh that's US
dollars over the next 5 years to build
out its capacity across data centers
across the country. Uh you did have as
we were just mentioning their shares of
data center service providers overnight
you have GDS V-Net group jumping about
4% there we go in the US session
following that report. The details right
now with minow our China correspondent
here with us at Bloomberg Invest on our
set here. What do we know about this
buildout? Yeah, it is uh one of the most
aggressive attempts here to really lay
the foundation for China's future AI
development, right? So about $300
billion to create this interconnected
network of data centers across the
country. So it's really pulling together
that fragmented regional resources uh
and it would eventually of course
benefit all sectors, right? These
enterprises will then be able to access
uh flexibly and more cheaply the AI
capacity, the spillover effects when it
comes to the speed of AI inter
iteration, the expansion of agentic AI
services. But one thing to note though,
$300 billion sounds like a lot, but it's
spread out over 5 years. So divide that
by five, it was about $60 billion a
year, but you consider what the US
hyperscalers are spending in a year,
right? More than $700 billion. So that
amount is still far above what the
Chinese government is spending. So still
a lot to go. But this is part of the
self-sufficiency push, right? Because
the Chinese government wants about 80%
of those suppliers to come from the
domestic players like Huawei, um like
the domestic telos, they will stand to
benefit while the US players like
Nvidia, like AMD, they're not likely to
get a look into this project.
>> Do we have a better understanding how
this is going to be funded? Has the
funding been raised? What do we know
about that aspect? So funding wise the
bulk of it is going to come from
sovereign debt. So about uh yeah so the
ultra long special sovereign bonds will
form a big part of that and then the
national investment funds that are
supposed to steer uh national investment
for example but a part of it might come
from also uh private investors as well
to supplement that
>> right Minman thank you so much uh Minman
low there are China correspondent lots
to watch across as we go into the market
open today 20 minutes away uh speaking
of markets we'll be talking market
strategy with Eund Hong Kong here who
advises really in investing in terms of
the scarcity [music] I shocks from
geopolitics and the AI boom. Global
equity CIO Jeff Lee is standing by here
in fact on our set. He's bringing he's
being wheeled in right now. Uh lots has
come up uh of course at the China show
here at the open in Shanghai, Shenzhen
and here in Hong Kong. The opening bell
19 minutes away. You're watching the
China show. Good morning.
Welcome back and good morning. Uh we're
coming to you live from Bloomberg Invest
here in Hong Kong. Things are about to
just get underway. ly if you're hearing
a little bit of background noise. Uh the
crowd is in and we are waiting for the
Hong Kong financial secretary Paul Chan
to make his way into the venue and of
course our very own Ivon man will be
leading the fireside chat in about if
things go to on schedule about 20
minutes or so from now at about the same
time as the open and as you can see we
are called lower across these equity
markets. Joining us here on set is Jeff
Lee, global equity CIO at EON Hong Kong,
the Hong Kong arm of course of one of
the largest ETF providers in mainland
China. Jeff, good morning. Very nice to
see you.
>> Great to have you.
>> It's been over two years since we last
spoke.
>> How would you describe sentiment right
now across these markets? uh I would say
the sentiment is uh cautiously
optimistic
at on the one hand people have
accumulated a huge amount of profit and
uh the fundamental trend in uh in the in
the industry that's driving the market
which is AI is really strong
>> but at the same time people worry about
a list of things fair tightening and
whether AI has a bubble yeah things like
this so any negative move any negative
news flow even it's small will move the
market quite a lot and you see you know
big up and downs in the market recently.
>> It's quite it's quite volatile recently
especially given how the runup in
specific assets like across the region.
Um let's talk about the macro. So the
latest in the in the Middle East is
certainly a flare up. Uh we're seeing
oil prices obviously remaining elevated
not quite at the peak and it's looking
like the Fed might hike interest rates
to your point. What does the macro look
like to you in the second half of the
year? Uh the macro looks for me the
macro is um so for for the first part
half of before the u uh US and Iran
conflict.
>> Yes.
>> Um the macro was mild liquidity was
loose.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh fiscal policy was was accommodative
>> after that. Now the the macro
environment might be tighter
but the fundamental strength fundamental
of the industries are so strong that
take the leadership. So from here going
forward we will have a slightly tighter
environment macro environment but that's
not going to that's not too tight to
make people worry about asset pricing
>> right
>> valuation
a relatively tighter but not super tight
environment and that will allow
fundamental techn uh technology sectors
fundamental drive the market right
>> from here and how are you thinking about
AI I know that's a very broad term that
can mean many many things But it I mean
is there a bubble? Is there a valuation
bubble? Is there a capex bubble? How are
you looking at the entire space?
>> Right. Uh we look at from company
perspective.
>> Okay.
>> When we we don't think this is a B this
is a bubble [clears throat] yet.
>> Okay. on a valuation
>> on a valuation perspective
>> if we look at the leaders like Nvidia
and Chinese uh you know supply chain
leaders in this environment in this
market they are their valuation is still
very
>> reasonable and we're talking about you
know 10 10 times PE
>> I wouldn't call that a bubble kind of
valuation
>> in fact that's cheap historically
>> that's actually cheap the reason being
people worry about the sustainability of
uh fundamentals.
So that's why you wouldn't be able to
give them give companies a long long
duration uh valuation but in fact the
fundamental could last much longer than
than people are willing to give price
for. So I wouldn't say this is a bubble
but by looking at how the prices of
certain assets certain sector move I
believe we could be in the early innings
of a bubble forming.
>> So what's the advice? What where should
investors pivot towards what's so what's
the overweight within AI and where do we
need to be cautious?
>> Uh the overweight would be always with
the the uh supply chain the point of the
supply chain that's suffering from the
most severe shortage.
>> The scarcity trade.
>> The scarcity trade. Exactly. Uh so we we
have so from last year we have going
from GPU to memories to this year CPU
and to to fiber communication optics
communication etc etc. So uh this the
scarcity will change move around up and
down the supply chain but stay with that
would usually be the most profitable
trade but the whole uh I wouldn't worry
about the whole um fundamentals uh
because because the u last year we were
worrying about return on equity return
on investment right
>> this year this conversation has become
much less because we see
>> why do you think that is why Does that
change?
>> What has changed is anthropy. You're
seeing the leading model companies are
generating huge amount of uh growth.
>> Okay.
>> It's becoming
it's it's the fast fastest growing
company in human history
and that and they're they're reasonably
profitable.
>> So the ROI
uh ROI loop is already closed to many to
many investors. So people worry about
return on investment much less this
year. So it this trade attracts pretty
much all the capital from all over the
world to this sector.
>> When you came in earlier on during the
break, you mentioned about China.
>> Yeah.
>> And the shift you think that is
underappreciated
from cost leadership to tech leadership.
What does that mean in simple English?
And how how do I express that in in the
markets?
China used to have a very simple uh
narrative cost leadership. We produce
things cheaper than anyone else
>> including the models.
>> Including the models
>> which are free I guess in some cases.
Right.
>> All right. Um but now China is becoming
the competitive advantage for China is
increasingly innovationdriven.
The ch the second largest economy has
become the largest engineering
ecosystem.
That means uh we can the key
capabilities is to innovate,
commercialize
and scale up in the lightning speed. If
you look at you know industries like
electric vehicle, robotics,
biotechnology,
batteries, now you just mentioned AI and
these industries China are no longer
followers. They are in many cases global
leaders. So we're seeing more and more
companies moving up the complexity curve
in the global supply chain and that's
what I mean by taking from leadership
cost leadership to technology leadership
>> when does that show up in earnings
expectations because on a broad basis
when I look at the index for example and
in terms of let's say uh projected EPS
12 months down the road that doesn't
seem to be showing up yet it's still a
very cost focused competitive focused uh
dynamic that we're seeing across most
sectors, not all, but most sectors.
>> If you group everything together at the
index level,
>> yes, that's what you're seeing because
but if you look underneath, there's a
huge divergence between companies can
innovate and company that's more of a
traditional uh macroeconomicdriven
business model. Uh the technologydriven
companies are doing extremely well and
this this is reflected in the divergence
between the sector performances,
>> right? If you look at the index, it's
didn't go anywhere. But uh certain
sector has gone up significantly over
the last two years. And if you if you
find the common common factor for those
companies,
>> right,
>> they are either innovations or you know
companies who can export which is driven
by innovation.
>> I mean that's a that's a good nuance to
to make there because I think it also
depends on which index you look at.
>> That's right.
>> If it's a hen tech against you know the
star 50 for example which is very very
different. Um, we're seeing this massive
buildout in fundraising, whether that's
in the in the US, SpaceX, you have
Anthropic, you have Open AI. When do we
see that wave of fundraising across the
Chinese partners for their own buildup?
>> Right. Um, the you mean the IPO impact,
>> whether that's IPO, debt fundraising,
that seem to be the missing piece so
far.
um the the point I was raising earlier
yes which is the strong ROI in this
space is attracting all the global
capital to here I mean it's a it's a
rational choices for for all the all
sorts of investors but you look at what
do you invest everywhere everywhere else
other sectors you find much less
competitive returns potential and you
look at you look at this space whether
whether you SpaceX or Anthropic you know
anything related to AI uh you see a lot
of return potential. So from your
capital allocation perspective you will
all we would be willing to allocate more
to this space even by moving capital out
of the rest of the economy and uh and it
attracts the global capital too. It's
not just US capital. So all the world
all capital all from the all over the
world will come and support the IPO. So
we're we're talking people worry about
the SpaceX IPO and the the the three big
companies. They will they will raise
something like 200 billion which is
something totally digestible by the
market.
>> Okay.
>> So I wouldn't worry about the funding
just yet. It's a rational choice by
capital seeking for yield.
>> And just hear very quickly your broad
sense of capital from onshore China.
Does it remain in China? Do you think
that comes to Hong Kong? Where do you
see flows going very quickly?
uh it will if the diversification for
demand for diversification is always
there
>> okay and there's a there's legitimate
channel which is through invest through
the QDI scheme
>> right
>> and that we see continuous growth there
I we manage some QD funds and they
continue have inflows
>> fantastic
>> and that will not change and um you know
the IPOs and all the capital activities
will not change the sentiment the need
for for for capital investing globally
I won't keep you. I know you have a busy
day ahead. Jeff, thank you so much for
spending the time with us here. Jeff Lee
there, global equity CIO, Eund Hong
Kong. We'll get you a preview of the
market day ahead. We'll be back in a
couple of minutes. This is the China
Show. Good morning.
[music]
Good morning and welcome back as we go
into the open today. Lots to talk about.
Bloomberg Invest of course in Hong Kong.
We're coming to you live here out of the
venue. Lots of good conversations on
your screens. And in fact, in a couple
of minutes, Hong Kong financial
secretary Paul Chan is about to sit down
with our co-anchor Ivon Man. Stay tuned
for that conversations. And we'll leave
you with a look at, of course, at the
venue that's filling in here as we are
[music] about to get underway. The open
is next. This is Bloomberg.
Good Wednesday morning from the Asia
Pacific. Uh a very warm welcome in fact
if you're just joining us. Um we're
coming to you live out of the Bloomberg
Invest here uh in Hong Kong where as you
can see we're just about to get underway
and our colleague Eric Shatsker
uh of course is giving the opening
remarks and shortly followed by our very
own Ivon man of course will be sitting
down uh with Hong Kong financial
secretary Paul Chan. Stay tuned for that
conversation as we go into the open
today. Just three quick things from my
end. Number one is of course we had to
digest latest flare up uh in the Middle
East. We've got some a lot of headlines
coming through in the last what 40
minutes or so. Point one, point two is
we are about to get some CPI numbers,
inflation numbers coming through out of
China. I'll get you to that once they
they cross the terminal. And number
three, of course, this massive buildout.
Bloomberg reporting suggests close to
300 billion US dollars in the data
center build across China and how that
affects markets right now. And on that
note, uh let me bring in my colleague
Averil Hong with a look at these
markets. Averil.
Yeah, I think we already got a bit of a
prelude based on the reaction in some of
these ADRs of China cloud service
providers overnight and take a look at
how things are opening up on the
mainland. We're seeing a bit of pressure
continuing on the CSI300.
China interestingly also is pulling back
a little bit. There had been some
expectation that this 2 trillion yen or
$295 billion uh AI buildout plan over 5
years would be supportive of some of
these Chinese AI related stocks. Of
course, this is part of China laying out
the foundation aggressive as our
colleague Mim Lo was just highlighting
earlier on in the program. Um take a
look as well as what we're seeing in
some of these other shares that we are
watching. Creon for one is up about
2.3%. So a bit of an outlier. So maybe
you are seeing a bit of that read
through from the AI plan. Take a look at
how the Hong Singh is fairing. Of course
it has been pulling back the past five
sessions and yesterday even though the
likes of 10 cent was an outlier of
sorts. You know there was a lot of
optimism given how its AI integration
for the WeChat seems to be going quite
well. It is uh still a down day. Stocks
in Hong Kong also coming under pressure
at least on an index level. the Chinese
internet giants are still pulling back
and this is of course a sign as we look
at Tencent uh a bit of an outperformance
or not doing as badly as some of the
other names. Uh yesterday of course it
did advance by the most since late 2022.
We're also watching of these encouraging
signs from its bond take up $4.7 billion
worth and that's going to be put towards
AI spending for the board. Again, of
course, we've been trying to unpack the
impact that this uh 2 trillion UN plan
might have. Data centers are in focus,
but we also have the likes of Bloomber
intelligence early reaction that China
Telos could benefit the likes of China
Telecom could lead the pack because of
an injection of more affordable
capacity. So, you're seeing a bit of
green on the screen there. Um, and this
is against the backdrop of the spending
on an annual basis could be four to five
times more than what they've already
been setting aside or budgeted for this
year. City analysts also uh putting out
a note of how some of these localized AI
server ecosystem proxies could benefit.
They've highlighted the likes of ZTE,
Lenovo as beneficiaries as well. And
part of the ecosystem today that's doing
well is BWIN storage. You're seeing that
stock surging almost 5%. Of course, we
also got word based on the filing that
it has uh inked an almost $2 billion
deal to buy nan memory. So, those are
the things that we're watching in the
session today, Dave.
>> Okay. Uh we're also watching inflation
numbers coming through. Nothing
that if you've had your morning coffee,
nothing incremental in terms of what
would wake you up. Uh basically bang in
line. uh in terms of the PPI numbers
3.9% the median was four the same uh
number here just in terms of absolutes
and size and scope that's the fastest
PPI wholesale price inflation uh going
back almost 4 years in terms of CPI
we're coming in slightly softer than the
median so 1.2 two on headline that's
this is for May that's year and year and
the forecast were for 1 point 1 1.3%.
I'm also just glancing to my left I'm
looking into from where we are set here
here of course at Bloomberg Invest and
just looking to see if they're about to
begin. It's looking like uh we're about
a few minutes behind. So anyway, the
reason I bring that up is of course in a
couple of minutes we'll be getting the
financial secretary Paul Chan on stage
with our Revon Manuel. Of course we'll
bring you that conversation live and in
full. Right. So, as we wait for things
to sort of trod along, uh let's get a
preview of the trading day ahead and
really what to expect within the
backdrop of the day trading and the
broader themes across these markets.
Things like geopolitical risks front and
center. You have this, you know, renewed
flare up of course in the Middle East.
Uh and everything in between that
remains agnostic to really these
geopolitical concerns. Uh let's bring in
Lula Chan. He's with us. She's here with
us on set, our managing editor for Asia,
Finance, Investing, and wealth. So you
cross-section of good you know asset
classes ge geographical exposure. So
what do we need to be watching today?
>> Well if you look at what's happening in
Hong Kong and Asia right now this year
there's been a real revival in investor
sentiment towards Asia based PS and also
China PE and VCs. Uh part of that is
driven by AI which is a powerful
catalyst for these renewed interests
especially the AI technology coming out
of the region from China. um fundraising
activity is rebounding. So, we're going
to talk about all of these topics with
our panelists later today. Uh another
thing on our radar is the connections
and new initiatives coming out from
Saudi Arabia and Hong Kong. Uh some new
developments on that front as well. Um
so, uh everything from PVC and also
asset managers, you have Black Rockck
here today. Also, Apollo is here, PG is
here. So, lots to talk about on those.
>> Yeah, we're going to get into all of
that. I mean there's there's a very
clear focus on private markets and
private capital right despite and amidst
some of the flare ups we're seeing in
some parts of the private credit market.
You specifically talk a little bit more
about this have a conversation later on
private capital. Where is the conviction
now?
>> Exactly. The the the uh boom that we're
seeing in private markets is also
partially h held by the boom that we're
seeing in the IPO markets earlier this
year. the strong pipeline and all all
these companies that have catched the
wave of whether it be LLMs or AI
technology, hardware, robotics. Um,
another interesting thing that I'm
looking out for is how China and US
compare specifically when it comes to
the AI race. What are our panelists
views on how big that gap is and also
what are the uh strengths and weaknesses
for both sides. Um, the other thing is
the capital flow tensions are still
flaring up there. you saw with the ban
list, Alibaba being put on that list as
well. Um whether these frictions are
going to continue going forward and what
that means for all these investors who
are trying to straddle both sides of the
world.
>> Yeah. And just maybe on the crossber
flows aspect. I mean what what a time to
be really having these conversations
against that backdrop and also just to
mention too and you you guys are all
over the story you know Hong Kong
overtaking Switzerland BCG report I
believe. So what what kind of color will
will that story bring across these
conversations?
>> Yeah, very interesting timing for Hong
Kong to surpass Switzerland in terms of
being like the the hub for the
wealthiest. Um at the same time that
happened in conjunction with China
really cracking down on offshore fund
flows. um the offshore trading and then
the wider backdrop being China really
trying to map its offshore wealth,
seeing where the Chinese uh ultra rich
have put their money, including
inspecting into these offshore trust
structures and the restriction of red
ship uh company structures, telling some
of these companies to unwind their
structures and and bring more
transparency into who's behind these
companies, who are the beneficial owners
that are going to benefit and generate
ma immense amount of melt wealth if they
IPO. Um that is the bigger draft uh
backdrop of all of these moves
happening.
>> Fantastic. Lulu, thank you. Lulu Chen
there, our managing editor for Asia
Finance uh investing and wealth for our
Bloomberg clients. You can follow more
on what's taking place here of all the
actual developments, some of the
headlines coming through, some of the
context analysis and commentary of
course coming through. Uh that's going
to be on your Bloomberg terminal. We
have an ongoing blog right now TLIVGO
for our terminal subscribers. And right
now I believe our colleague Eric
Shatsker is giving the keynote um
opening remarks and we'll take a short
break and by the time we're back we
should be up and running with Paul Chan.
Lots more ahead.
In fact, no in fact no we are going
taking straight live of course into
Bloomberg Invest right now where it does
seem there we go. Okay on your screens
right now is if that face doesn't look
familiar that's Paul Chan. Oh yeah and
that's Ivon man of course our co-anchor.
And I believe we are now just about to
get underway. Let's take you straight
>> for us here in
>> inside. Let's listen in.
>> That sizzle reel just now just showed it
all of the buzz that we're feeling here
in Hong Kong. And I want to add to that
buzz secretary and show a chart. This is
what we do in Bloomberg, right? And the
China show. Look at the Hong Kong GDP
numbers that we got in the first quarter
here. We were talking about something
that's punching close to 6% for the
first quarter really being fueled by AI.
The boom that we're seeing when it comes
to exports and imports. There's a little
bit of a recovery in the property
market. IPO market continues to be
strong here after we talked about
reclaiming the top number one spot for
IPO market last year. And as Eric just
mentioned, we just surpassed Switzerland
when it comes being an offshore wealth
hub. So I'm going to use my unbandaged
hand finger to put my finger in the
wind. Secretary Chan, a pulse check of
where we are.
>> Always up, right?
>> Always up hopefully. Does that mean
there's more upside more upside and
downsides risks to the economy?
>> Where do you think do you think this
growth momentum can continue?
>> Well, the momentum uh continues to be
quite strong.
uh take the IPO market for example. Uh
the number of companies curing up for
listing over 400 major companies and we
are also exploring with other markets
like Korea, the Middle East, Ashan to
have more deal listing uh not just
stocks but perhaps to begin with uh
things like ETFs. So uh the stock market
uh we remain confident SM wealth
management momentum also very strong uh
capital flow coming in uh last year uh
capital inflow into our various funds
total over 400 billion US. So it is
quite significant increase compared to
the year before. Uh at the same time we
are very committed in terms of
developing our technology and innovation
sector uh which will be one of our key
future economic growth engine. So
multiprong approach
>> multi-prong approach. The last time we
spoke secretary was back in March. I
think it was just weeks maybe days after
the Iran war broke out. And you said you
know it takes a few months to really
assess
>> what the inflation dynamics and growth
dynamics will be. We're we're 3 months
in now.
>> I have to get your update here on how
you're you're viewing the macro risks
right now.
Um well over the past few months as you
may have observed uh although the fuel
costs went up uh but over
>> the most expensive in the world in Hong
Kong I have to say
>> we don't prices of the pump
>> we don't encourage people to drive
[laughter]
fuel driven car
yeah use EVs please.
>> Yeah.
>> But do you does it does it mean that
there's more how do you balance the
risks right now? Do you do you think
that there is more upside or downside
risk to to your growth forecast? I think
it's still around 2 to 3% right now
growth this year.
>> Well, the inflationary pressure will be
building up. Uh at the beginning of this
year, we put 1.3% of the inflation rate
projected for 2026.
Uh
a few months ago, uh we revised it
upward to about two. So uh it may be
well over tool but still manageable
because say for example for energy
supply the majority of the energy supply
is across the border and uh most of them
are renewables. So the impact on us yes
uh particularly for those sectors uh
like transport uh they are
affected of course but at the same time
the government responds very fast. we
roll out support measures to relieve
some of the pressures on them.
>> Um we talk about just this even if we
see the war end today
>> that
>> inflation might stay here for a little
bit longer given just the damage to
energy infrastructure how long it takes
for energy flows to resume the straight
of hormones
>> and also the disruption to the supply
chain.
>> Yes, markets are shifting their forecast
or at least what central banks can do. M
>> we've seen some central banks in this
part of world already raise rates.
>> Mhm.
>> Traders are pricing in a Fed rate hike
by year end.
>> Mhm.
>> Can Hong Kong withstand a tightening
cycle?
>> Our dollar is packed to the US dollar.
So uh in a way we are affected by the
interest rate trend. uh our assessment
for the rest of this year is that
interest rate in the US uh given the
inflation uh very difficult to come down
um but at the same time uh although the
trend is the same but it's not on a lock
step when you look back a few years ago
when the interest rate in the US went up
or came down uh largely the trend is the
same but uh we judge
uh the impact on Hong Kong basing on our
liquidity positions. uh say for example
if the capital inflow remain very strong
the interbank liquidity is high so there
is no reason to us for us to push up the
interest rate so uh remain vigilant but
at the moment I think uh
wouldn't be any very significant uh
changes
>> I have to get your take on the
regulatory environment right now I think
last time we spoke
>> Hong Kong in some ways is a victim of
its success amidst this IPO boom. We
were talking about the priority is
quality
>> listings. The last couple weeks we've
seen what looks to be a pretty
unprecedented crackdown from China
>> on crossber trading.
>> Mhm.
>> What we heard is that it started in the
brokerages but there's lingering
concerns in the market now that this
could spread to financial services here
in Hong Kong whether it's wealth,
>> IPOs, property. What are you hearing on
the ground?
>> Um uh number one um the central
authorities are very supportive of Hong
Kong. They want Hong Kong to succeed as
an international financial center. So no
doubt about it. This is one. Number two,
the reason crackdown are mainly on those
uh people who move their funds to Hong
Kong for different investments
not full legitimate means. So if they if
the capital inflow are in in a proper
channel they still are encouraged. We
are still working with the central
authority for example on further
improving the crossber GPA management uh
wealth management connect to expand the
kota of investment by individuals in the
GBA area and diversify a little bit as
to the products that they can invest. So
that is just number one but from a
border perspective you know we have the
different connect schemes with the
mainet uh stock connect born connect and
on that we are also building a an
infrastructure a custodian
infrastructure uh ICSD u it is
international uh central securities
depository infrastructure to enable
different securities bonds equities to
be put in the same uh same platform to
ena to enable cost corerization
>> so that liquidity could be quickly
enhanced and at the same time on the
basis of this collaterals you can roll
out different derivative products. So
that is also one way to to to enhance
capital efficiency. But from a bor
perspective even for the uh for the
stock market we are reviewing our
listing regime to make it move with
times make it easier uh for
companies of the future.
>> Uh say for example hacker companies to
to be easier to lease on our stock
exchange. uh we are also working to
expand uh uh to lower the transaction
cost uh to improve the settlement cycle.
So it is on multifund multiple fund to
enhance the competitiveness of our
listing regime.
We've seen some reports of of banks
maybe taking precautionary measures
whether you know there there's one Hong
Kong bank that you know in one of their
branches in Shanghai
>> that they suspended opening new accounts
for for mainland
>> clients. We've heard some Chinese banks
>> here in Hong Kong that have also
suspended some of these uh offshore
accounts as well for investment. We've
heard banks here in the UBS for example
has postponed a wealth event in China.
HSBC has talked to their Hong Kong based
private bankers saying you know
discouraging them from traveling to the
mainland for now.
What what is the message to banks right
now? Because you know is is this an
actual directive from from Beijing or or
are banks right now just being more
precautionary?
Well, different different
[clears throat] banks have different
practices, but I guess for the banks,
the mainet market uh is growing uh
growing in in in a growing in their
aspirations to have certain asset
allocate offshore. But this must be full
proper means. Um say for example,
insurance products. uh the insurance
products in Hong Kong nowadays insurance
is not just for life insurance or
medical but a lot of them are in
investment in investment linked. So
previously we have observed substantial
capital flow coming to Hong Kong uh
investing in insurance products. Yeah,
most welcome of course but at the same
time many some of them may not through
food the proper means. Now it is just
put it back to the proper channel but
the products here remain very
competitive very attractive and we are
also working with the mainland authority
about the the possibility for our
operators to set up
to set up an organization not for
selling but for service client services.
So uh this matter has been receiving
attention and I do think uh when we put
this into the proper channel uh we can
inspire the confidence of the mainland
authorities
uh about um the unwarranted leakage of
foreign exchange reserve then with that
trust we can move forward.
>> Do you think more sustainable basis?
>> Will it have any long-standing impact on
flows?
>> Mhm. Does does it redirect these these
these measures here redirect flows back
domestically to the mainland?
>> But I think the the interest and the
desire to have asset allocate offshore
would remain and this will continue to
be a very very strong driver for for our
financial services sector.
Yes, it's the the the long-standing
practice has been though if if you're a
wealth manager in Hong Kong is that, you
know, these Hong Kong based private
wealth managers will go to the mainland.
They'll meet and build relationships
with clients there and then they come
here to Hong Kong
>> to open an account to buy an investment
product.
>> Will Beijing still allow that to happen?
>> Well, I think we have to step back a
little bit to look at the bigger
picture. Uh yes in terms of cost
boundary asset and wealth management
sector we overtake we overtook uh
Switzerland.
>> Yeah.
>> And when you zoom in about 56% of the
AUM the capital flow
>> comes from China.
>> No no
>> no
>> is come from outside of China and Hong
Kong.
>> Okay. and uh we we are seeing increasing
flows from uh from the Middle East and
Asian as well. So let's focus on
building a bigger pie and improving the
connectivity which also in a way will
help the sectors to develop.
>> Could it curb spending when it comes to
the property market as well? I mean the
first quarter of this year I think
mainland buyers were sweeping up a lot
of property here in Hong Kong.
>> Uhhuh. Well, compared to the peak, still
very moderate. Uh, the situation is also
different. Uh, a couple of years ago, I
mean, in the year
2008,
bum bum bum bum bum until, uh, 2017.
There is shortage in supply, shortage in
land supply, shortage in uh, residential
property supply coupled with the buying
power from the magnet. went up property
price and we introduce different demand
side measure to suppress foreign demand
and investment demand. But now the
situation is different. We have enough
land supply on the market as well as in
the pipeline. Uh as you may have
observed from the land sale program we
announced after the budget. Uh actually
that land sale program the message are
two. The first to our people you have we
have enough land bank so when the
property market goes crazy uh we will
timely roll out additional land supply.
So don't worry but at the same time the
message is also to the developers uh we
have been very
prudent and very careful in terms of
property price and land supply. uh as
you may have observed say for example in
the uh in the land sale program the
number of lands sold by us the number of
units to be built on those lands in the
past few years not exceedingly large.
uh when when we roll out the land sale
program, we also take took into
consideration
number number one the residential
development undertaken by the MTR
corporation. Yeah. The railway press
property. Uh number two uh lease
modifications meaning that land uh
initially not for residential purposes
now being resone and able to be
developed into residential properties
and also upzoning. So taking this all
into consideration the final figure is
the land sale of the government. So we
have been very prudent and very careful.
Uh another example is on the office and
commercial property. As you may have
realized since 2023,
we stopped rolling out any office
land because
the demand supply situation. We let the
market digest the office over supply of
offices. But at the same time, we also
roll out some more innovative measures
to help digest the existing stock. For
example, we encourage some uh office
properties in certain areas, suitable
locations, rent convert [clears throat]
into student hosts. This is just some of
the examples.
>> Yeah, we've heard when it comes to
commercial property, right, that you
have so many international firms that
are setting up offices here, the market
is getting people excited and and coming
back to Hong Kong in some ways.
>> Um, we talked about the IPO pipeline,
which you think remains strong. You
think we'll be better than last year in
terms of fundraising?
>> Why not?
>> Confident? Why not?
>> Of course.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> I have to ask because we have a a lot of
big IPOs coming up in the US.
>> Uhhuh.
>> SpaceX is the one that comes up first
later on this week. We have been
reporting, sorry, my mic. Um that Hong
Kong and Chinese investors have been
barred from getting a piece of this IPO.
>> Mhm.
Do you know anything like have you heard
of anything? Why do you think we we're
seeing this right now? It seems like
it's about national security concerns,
but what are you hearing?
>> And there is also
unaturalism there. Um well, previously
you must have heard uh about banning uh
Chinese companies to be leased on the US
exchanges. Uh we don't think is a wise
move. uh in a way we in Hong Kong uh
could be
an unintended beneficiary. These
companies will come to Hong Kong for
listing. But uh looking forward I think
for us what's important is concentrate
at doing the right thing improving our
listing regime promoting various
measures to enhance liquidity
uh quality wise stringent defend our
reputation then Hong Kong will continue
to possible
>> are you surprised that Hong Kong
investors have been lumped in with
mainland investors
you I don't think I've ever heard
something like that in the commercial
space, right? You you hear about that
about, you know, Hong Kong as part of
China and whatnot, but to to lump Hong
Kong investors and Chinese investors and
and bar them from participating in a US
IPO,
>> you know, what do you make of this sort
of
>> I think that this is detrimental to your
US interest. Why don't you welcome the
liquidity from all over the world? Yeah,
I think this is for us. Uh when you look
at Shanghai, look at Sunzen, we have
huge number of excellent tech companies
at very attractive valuation waiting for
investment. No matter it is IPO or
private equity, VCs or even patient
capital. uh nowadays through the Hong
Kong IC we have been channeling
sovereign funds from the other
jurisdictions and long-term funds to
co-invest with us into industries of the
future
heart tech health tech life science
projects so plenty of opportunities I
think uh for Hong Kong as I mentioned
concentrate to do the right thing and uh
work with different partners to the
extent possible will continue to
prosper.
>> The the reason for the restriction was
because of national security risks. This
is critical technology.
How would you define then what critical
technology is? Cuz wouldn't any AI
company then be we be in that realm?
>> Oh, you should ask the US
administration.
>> How do you see that play out though? I
mean, you are yourself in the budget
>> was advocating for new listing rules.
>> Yeah.
>> To attract more of these Chinese
aerospace commercial aerospace companies
to list here.
>> Yeah.
>> For Hong Kong to become that fundraising
hub for them to go global. Right.
>> Yeah. For us grab this opportunity to
grow stronger.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Um, I was going to get your take
on there's this big massive story that
we talked about today about China and
how they're spending I think it's two
trillion remain $300 billion in terms of
building AI data centers
>> in China domestically. How how do you
think Hong Kong is going to fit
>> into that? Well, we are also building
our own computing capabilities on not
this multiplunch approach. AO apart from
computing capabilities, I think what we
bring to the table is the international
use case scenario, the international
data and international talent. So play
to our strength. They have their
strength. They are very strong in their
basic research in their modeling large
language model for the domestic market.
But when this tech companies needs to go
overseas, need to expand global there.
This is where we come in. We come in
with capital, talent, data, computing
cap capabilities and user case scenario.
So we can work together.
>> One one last question. A lot of
economies are dealing with this right
now. The halves and have nots of AI.
>> Uhhuh. where it really is kind of
dividing the winners and losers and the
distribution of wealth.
>> You know, how does Hong Kong as a
financial secretary, how do you deal
with this kind of K-shaped economy?
>> Well, AI training for all. This is
something we have to embrace. Uh we need
to to learn it. We need to understand
it, use [music] it, and use it well.
Then you will find this is so useful and
helpful and make life even more
wonderful because you will have more
time not to do the repetitive work but
for you to think and for you to find new
opportunities.
>> How are you using AI now? I wonder
>> this is quick
>> as a financial secretary. How do you
incorporate AI in your in your work?
>> I I believe the information I gave you
some are from AI. [laughter]
All right, we'll have to fact check some
of that. Okay, Secretary, uh, it was a
pleasure. Thank you so much for joining
us on stage. [applause]
>> Okay, everyone. Thank you.
>> All right, they covered a lot of ground
there. Of course, Ivonne's fireside with
the Hong Kong financial secretary just
wrapping up and you know, we'll be
taking straight back in once we get most
and some of the other course panels
underway. Uh just to recap in case you
missed that conversation, several
takeaways at least from my end that
really stood out. It's it's clear number
one that there is an expectation that
rates will remain high, I think is point
number one. And point number two, and
what that means for growth is still
growth for Hong Kong specifically is
still out. Uh the jury is still out on
that one. uh Hong Kong as a venue in as
far as uh uh improving and diversifying
the options here for investors. And I
think as far as the equity markets go,
um I think Ivonne pressed him on whether
or not the this year will be better than
the already high bar of 2020 five and as
far as IPOs are concerned and his answer
was of course. Now what that means
numerically um you have to stay tuned
for my conversation later on of course
with the Hong Kong exchanges CEO Bonnie
Chan because we'll be talking about the
pipeline uh there's been a lot of
conversations around what sectors will
be hot robotics keeps coming up a lot so
we'll get into all of that uh later on
uh the other thing to mention too um
they they discussed
um some of the big news around the
restrictions and enhanced
regulatory oversight and as far far as
outflows are concerned and as far as
Hong Kong is concerned uh that any
inflows via uh the proper channel is
still very much uh encouraged. Uh apart
from that uh they touch on a lot of
things. The property market they see
will do well. The clear and consistent
message from the government is that
they're sending a message to home
buyers, property developers. The office
space is very interesting too in as far
as there they are giving a lot more time
for the for the industry to absorb some
of the excess capacity and office space
that had been built up uh here in Hong
Kong. That's point uh that we'll be
talking about there. Uh and apart from
that uh yeah lots of other things I just
to mention just for our Bloomberg
clients of course you can check out most
of the commentary and context there from
that conversation with with Ivon and the
Hong Kong financial secretary. That's
your T live uh that's the function you
run. We have an ongoing live blog of
course on things taking place here in
Bloomberg Invest. Now while that was
taking place just to also mention we
understand
uh and as far as issuance is concerned
here um separate piece of news that
China will be issuing about 15 billion
that's remb sovereign [snorts] bonds
sovereign bonds in Hong Kong four
batches 2028 2029 31 and 36
frontloaded in as far as 9 billion of
the 15 will be in 2028 and 2020 29 uh
teners. Uh the tender date for that is
in about 6 days, June 16th. Okay. Apart
from that, there's lots of also
developments and as far as Middle East
is concerned, we're also getting
Indonesia of course up and running given
the surprise rate hike that we got out
of Indonesia. Uh let's bring in our
team. Of course, April is back with us
for a quick check to markets. April,
what are you watching there? Yeah.
>> Yeah. A couple of things including EM as
you just highlighted, but also the read
through from that AI buildout plan that
Bloomberg has been reporting about from
China, which is going to be worth about
$295 billion. We are seeing some of a
clearer read now following on from what
was a pretty wobbly start I think uh to
the session. Now you're seeing some of
these stocks right the uh cloud
providers and related ones that are up
about 2% and flip the board as well.
take a look at some of these chipm
related stocks. The idea here from what
we know of this reported plan is that
they're going to be relying on local. So
the likes of Huawei could account for
what 80% of this buildout and that could
put the likes of Nvidia and AMD of
course on the back foot. So in in terms
of some of these Chinese chip making
related stocks, you're seeing Huah Hong
in the green as well. Lenovo was
interesting. It was highlighted as one
of the stocks that could benefit longer
term maybe uh by the likes of city
analysts but you're seeing that pull
back. BIN is another stock that we have
been watching in the sector following on
from that word that we got on the filing
that it will be inking $2 billion
roughly worth of the nan memory
purchases fit the board again as you
highlighted what we're seeing in the
emerging markets after that off cycle
rate hike from Bank Indonesia just a day
ago 25 basis points to 5 and a half%
that also did uh help some of the
reprieve I think across Indonesian
assets you're looking at the rest of
Asia on the downward trajectory
following on from what we saw in the US
and the wobble in chip related names of
course but when it comes to stocks the
currency uh that hike seems to have
helped to stabilize things a little. Of
course we also had our colleagues in
Bloomber intelligence talking about how
a 75 basis point he hike next week might
be needed to stem further currency
depreciation in the Indonesian rupia.
take a look at what we're seeing
commodities as well following on from
some of these geopolitical developments.
Of course, we are watching uh gold
prices but you're seeing that uh being a
victim I suppose to that derisking uh
given the dollar pain trade. Gold is
moving below the 4185 handle. Dave
>> Ail, thank you so much. Ail Hong there
in Singapore for us for more context on
some of the things that Averil just
touched on there. Perhaps um we're
digging deeper of course into some of
these key themes across tech
specifically right now. Anthony Stevens
is our markets reporter also joining us
right now. Anthony some of the things
that Averil just touched on. If you
could add to that and is there anything
that Averil didn't talk about that you
think we should be focused on?
Yeah, we're having a very differentiated
session in tech today as Korea and
Taiwan and Japan see a risk management
day ahead of the USCPI on really well
understood themes like memory uh in in
South Korea or TSMC in Taiwan. Uh and
you're seeing those markets seeing a
selling off of the most speculative
themes. So for example, robotics in
Korea is enduring the third straight day
of really big losses. So retail is
losing some sentiment there. Uh Taiwan's
retail is also very extended and they're
cutting back. But one emerging theme as
this session progresses is the pricing
in of this China um AI package. And that
got off to a slow start as everyone
said, but it's really starting to build
momentum now. And part of the stuff that
is rallying is domestic China
chipmakers. Let's remember that going
home overnight, Taiwan said that they
would restrict chip exports to China uh
in in kind of a solidarity with the US
effort. Now, that's really lining up to
benefit the Chinese tech ecosystem,
especially on the semiconductor
manufacturing side. So, you're really
seeing a very differentiated day of tech
gains and losses in the session. And
that speaks to a rolling rotation in the
tech team to manage risk down. Now, in
the FX and the and metal section, you
are seeing this consistent weakness in
gold no matter what happens in the Iran
conflict. And that is a change in
dynamic. Gold broke the 200 day moving
average and continues to move lower. Now
bear in mind, gold obviously has no
central bank to kind of defend it like
the Korean War or the Indonesian rupia
has had. So it seems to be bearing the
brunt of the dollar rally here.
>> Anthony, thank you. Anthony Stevens
there in Hong Kong uh for us. Anthony
just touched on FX there. Of course, the
other big move we're tracking is of
course in the rupia and man, what a what
72 hours we've seen in that currency
specifically. Um and of course that rate
hike that we got out of the central bank
there. Marcus Wong is with us to talk us
through of course how do we need to be
looking at the currency now. Marcus
>> well as ever pointed out I think the
rate hike has stabilized um the currency
market today. Um but I think a very
near-term risk will be the US CPI print
tonight. Um you know obviously
expectations be very hawkish going into
this following the robust NFP numbers.
So hotter than expected NFP uh CPI print
which sees a dollar even uh gain as a
result could see further pressure to the
rupia. Um so again just looking back at
the the rate hike that we saw um and are
still expecting bank Indonesia to
actually hike next week and then again
the question will it be a 25 50 basis
point hike. You know what Ellis was just
saying this shows how desperate Bank
Indonesia is is to arrest the situation
uh of the decline in the rupia. Um
another thing that's of course on the
lookout for is uh finance minister
Puraya. Uh there's been know of course
market chatter on whether you know we he
could move on in a sense whether could
be a replacement coming. So there's a
lot of uncertainty in Indonesian markets
right now. Uh you know bank stepping in
to hype 25 basis points definitely to
stabilize the market a bit. Uh but hold
your horses. I think there still and
they still see some downside in the
rupia moving forward especially if we
get a hotter CPI print tonight.
>> Okay, Marcus, thank you so much. Marcus
Wong there, our EM and macro strategist
in Singapore for us for his take on uh
dollar Indonesia. But we'll take you
straight back into what's going on here
at Bloomberg Invest and Black Rockck's
head of Asia Pacific Susan Chan is
speaking with our colleague of course
Rebecca Sin out of Bloomberg
Intelligence. Let's listen in
>> an active equity fund and expect to
generate the returns in active um and
also um there is the demographic
challenges uh of every country in Asia
and we are living longer. we have uh
pension challenges across all and
portfolios of the traditional 6040 are
not going to generate the outcomes that
we're going to need uh for the future.
So this is why private markets is
becoming such an incredibly powerful um
asset class within the longerterm
portfolios because you need it and it
fits very nicely in so many ways, right?
in terms of long-term returns. Uh you
know, when you're saving for the future,
you're you're less dependent on
short-term liquidity, but you need to be
able to see those returns and also what
you're investing in in private markets.
Nowadays, we always look at how do we
help the countries. So, infrastructure,
you invest in country. So, it's a way
for you to also as an investor uh have a
part in the development of your country.
So you mentioned private markets. It's
very hot right now. You guys are heavily
invested. You made three large
acquisition recently um of into private
markets, but there's been a lot of
negative news around private markets,
especially private credit. You know,
investors not being able to get out of
positions. There's been a shortage. What
is your take on this? So um so don't
don't always believe what you read in
the press. Headlines are meant to be
sensationalized. That's number one. Um
listen there are pockets of uh issues in
private credit but it's really very
idiosyncratic and it's very unique at
the moment. Okay. Um if we look at the
overall categories they are doing well.
They are um offering the diversified
returns and you know we at BlackRock you
said we made the acquisitions. We firmly
believe that you cannot build long-term
portfolios without going into areas like
infrastructure like private credit. Um I
would say that you know with any
portfolio you have to look at it on a
risk return uh risk adjusted return
basis. You also have to uh be able to do
diligence and deploy your capital where
you feel is you know the right uh area.
So um you know I think sure there are
some pockets but if we look at the grand
scheme of things in private credit the
default rates are still very very small
and then you mentioned portfolio
construction you know traditionally the
6040 how are investors constructing
portfolio now to your point there's so
many different products out there
available so what I would say is there
is probably the adjustment of 6040
within the public markets and then
increasingly we're seeing allocation
into private markets. Uh so some of you
may hear people saying 50 30 20 of which
20 is in private markets or you know
there's a blend. So we're definitely
seeing more and more of that whole
portfolio holistic look as into the
equity piece, the fixed income piece and
then the private piece. Um and it helps
to boost your longerterm returns. So you
mentioned previously income uh in Asia
typically investors uh will invest
mainly in cash and property and it's
very different to the US where people
have retirement funds you know they're
using ETFs how are investors different
in Asia than the rest of the world do
you find well I don't have to tell you
and we all know tradition Asia
traditionally will uh save a lot in cash
but this is what makes Asia so exciting
because we are seeing that shift
gradually right where savings is moving
into investments where um most
uh of our clients are seeing that if you
did not invest in the capital market you
would have missed out. Um last week I
was in Shanghai and I spoke and I gave a
number that kind of was fascinating to
everyone. So here's the number. If you
invested $1 right into Chinese equity
markets over the 20 past 20 years, you
would have on average generated 6.5%
perom. Okay, that is extraordinary.
That's like more than 300 times over the
past 20 years. If you sat in cash, you
would not have done that. Okay, these
are just the beauty of compounding in
capital markets is incredible. Now if
you do that in every single market you
will see and you will convince yourself
that you should not be sitting in cash
only. You may want to sit a little bit
but you should not be sitting in cash
only. So we do have to start investing
in local capital markets and of course
the divers the diversification into
global markets. So if we look across the
region and across the product offering
there's a lot of investment
opportunities. Where do you see are the
most undervalued opportunities within
Asia Pacific? Um so
listen, I think China because we went 18
months ago where globally um the world
was like China is not investable. China
is not investable. Today we're seeing a
lot more attention on China. The
valuations are on a relative basis
cheaper. There is value and there's a
lot of value and I think we're going to
see that play out. um as you know the
mega forces of AI start to play out um
as this theme of Asia for Asia because
our investors want to invest more closer
to the region uh plays out we're going
to start seeing that clients will look
towards those undervalued plays. So I
definitely think China is one. The
second one is uh Asian credit. Asian
credit yields incredibly well. um it it
traditionally has not had the attention
and I'm saying public credit it
traditionally has not had the focus
because of the fact that it's largely a
primary activity tool and secondary
liquidity is less so we all need to do
some work there to promote and get
secondary market activity up but Asian
credit we see tremendous opportunity in
that category as well
>> so if we look to the next 3 to 5 years
uh you mentioned China, Asian credit,
any other sectors that you think will
outperform?
>> Um, or what would be the best ways for
investors to express their views?
>> Well, I think again, construct your
portfolio with a blend of, you know,
you're going to have to invest in the
US. With the largest capital markets,
it's very hard to stay away from it. But
I think for every dollar incremental
dollar that you're putting into the
markets, think about how you should
diversify both as a hedge but also as a
diversification because certain pockets
yields are higher, yields are higher in
Asia, right? So um we do see home
country investments in all countries uh
as something very important. Um the AI
theme will continue to play out but it's
going to start going downstream. So
think about the uh that downstream
effect and what what other segments
within AI and what other um sectors are
going to benefit you know obvious ones
are going to be healthcare uh biotech
etc. So look at how to diversify on
that. Um blend fixed income, blend Asian
fixed income, that category is
incredibly incredibly resilient and uh
is a great diversifier and and then
lastly uh private markets. Um and I
think in private markets for us it's
about infrastructure, it's about private
credit. So if we look at what Secretary
Paul has
what he said
>> all right um that's uh what's going on
there right now we will leave that there
for now but you know for our Bloomberg
clients of course you can check out and
continue to follow that of course it's
on many platforms across the Bloomberg
terminal one of which if you want to
look at more commentary it's TIG go uh
on the Bloomberg terminal uh we've
managed to pull some uh backup here uh
Ivonne of course my co-anchor was just a
minutes ago So before of course Rebecca
and and Susan took the stage there was
with Hong Kong financial secretary you c
you guys covered a lot of ground this
crossexamination you did [laughter] with
Hong Kong financial secretary. Well, it
seems like he was willing to at least
address the market, some of the
concerns, right? Uh when it came to, of
course, this unprecedented crackdown on
crossber trading and it's it's led to a
lot of lingering questions about what
this means for the wealth businesses of
a lot of global banks here that rely on
a lot of these mainland investors to set
up accounts here, right? And and what I
think the takeaway was that they that
Hong Kong is really going to attempt to
inspire the confidence of Chinese
authorities once again after this recent
crackdown. So what he says was what he's
heard so far of these curves is is to
really try to weed out this illicit sort
of trading here
>> as long as it's legitimate.
>> Proper channels. Yes.
>> Uh so he still thinks that when it comes
to what Beijing wants, they still is
supporting Hong Kong as an international
hub uh for fundraising and the like. He
still thinks when it comes to the IPO
fundraising of 2026. He says of course
2026 will be better than 2025. So he's
still quite optimistic. He's talking
about 400 uh uh companies that are on
the pipeline here right now. Uh here's
him talking a little bit more about some
of the regulatory sort of things that he
sees here and the changes and what it
tells us about Hong Kong. Take a listen.
>> For the stock market, we are reviewing
our listing regime to make it move with
times, make it easier uh for
companies of the future. uh say for
example hacker companies to to be easier
to lease on our stock exchange. Uh we
are also working to expand uh uh to
lower the transaction cost uh to improve
the settlement cycle. So it is on
multifund multiple fund to enhance the
competitiveness of our listing regime.
I also asked him about our recent scoop
about Chinese and Hong Kong investors
being barred from taking part in this
SpaceX IPO because of national security
concerns and critical technology and
whatnot. And he says look this is
actually pretty detrimental for in terms
of US interest here right now. Why can't
>> we in some ways you know share
reciprocate reciprocate right when it
comes to the amount of capital that goes
in uh to these you know big big
companies
>> and participate is the other problem.
The fact that Hong Kong's being lumped
into it, he said, you know, doesn't see
is interesting for him as well. So
certainly there's a lot to talk about. I
know you have a lot to talk about with
his IPOs with Bonnie.
>> Didn't he say to this year is going to
be better than last year?
>> Of course.
>> He said of course, but I know you got to
hit the stage pretty soon.
>> I'm going to try to get more details on
what that of course means.
>> From Bonnie Chan, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. So, you're taking the reigns.
>> We're going to do a switcheroo here.
Stay stay with us. This is Bloomberg.
[laughter]
>> [music]
>> All right, we are checking markets here
this morning and some of course big
corporate stories. Bloomberg has learned
that China is preparing to spend around
$295 billion over the next 5 years on a
nationwide AI buildout. The plan would
create a network of interconnected data
centers and run largely by state firms
with AI chips powered mainly by local
suppliers including Huawei. Now
Bloomberg Intelligence, they think that
China's investments in data centers can
boost the country's telecom operators.
Let's bring in Kirk Rudrey, our senior
industry analyst. He joins us now. Uh
Kirk, it's such a fascinating story
about the amount of money China is
really looking to build do build out
these data centers domestically. What do
you think China is trying to accomplish
here?
>> Okay, I mean I I think you can look at
it in two different ways. Um I mean
first of all with that level of
investment you know two trillion one you
know almost $300 billion um over five
years there's a direct benefit to
equipment companies or infrastructure
suppliers like Huawei that's the the
name gets thrown a lot around a lot but
also you know going down to companies
that make fiber optical components and
things like that you know they have like
much more sort of solid um order books
going forward um you know it's a lot of
money that's being invested. Um I think
on the other side what it is generally
across the Chinese economy like the goal
that you know the the government wants
to promote is getting everybody using AI
you know for whatever efficiencies that
can be generated from that like you know
enterprises, government agencies um and
putting $300 billion into data centers
puts the capacity there for that to
happen.
Yeah. And we're certainly seeing a bit
of a a market reaction. You know, when
you look at just who benefits, who who
could be the potential winners of this.
>> Yeah. I mean, again, it's, you know,
there's a direct read across to
equipment companies. Um, I mean, we
think that Telos can do well. Um, the
investment that the government's putting
together, um, will allow them, you know,
to sell capacity that AI services run
over much more cheaply. Um, and that
should allow them to grow that that sort
of revenue. And you're at a crossroads
where the the revenue growth from
telecom core telecom services flattened
out. So, you need a sort of AI boost in
order to get the top line growing.
>> Yeah,
Kirk, we got to leave it there. Kurt Bju
there, senior industry analyst for
Bloomberg Intelligence. But much more
invest coming up. This is Bloomberg.
other regions to China to Asia as uh one
as diversification and uh as we all know
in the last few years
>> all right we are seeing here this
ongoing panel at Bloomberg events in
Hong Kong which is really about
conviction that we're seeing in private
capital right now that's granite Asia's
senior managing partner uh Jenny Lee and
Hamilton Lane, co-head of Asia
Investment, Nin Chen Sha, is speaking
with us there on stage and really
talking about what this means in the the
ETF world, the tokenized sort of world.
Joining us now is Yime Lee, CEO at
China's leading asset manager, China
AMC. I want to also bring in Mman Low,
our China correspondent, who's here in
the field here with us in Bloomberg
Invest, and she's also expect to speak
with you later on here at Bloomberg
Invest. There's lots to talk to her
about.
>> Yeah, lots to talk. Yeah, and this is
what the the number one ETF manager in
China of course. Um let me start with
what's happening today because you saw a
sell off um in stocks especially because
of the geopolitical headwinds. What is
your your outlook and what are you
watching for in China markets in I guess
the next quarter? Well, I think for
China markets is still people are very
keen on getting involved with all this
AI uh chains. So we don't really well of
course there has been some you know uh
reflections of the geopolitical issues
in uh Chinese market as well but I think
people are still quite excited about the
new trend and new you know technology
taking off. So you can see that
yesterday and the market really reflect
very heavily on the AI and on all the
economy new technology side.
>> What are flows telling you now in terms
of where sentiment is? Well, the flows
are you know uh depending what kind of
investors you are and retail investors
definitely still you know adding up to
the fires and there are definitely
institution investors starting to look
at the dividend side of the business and
the large caps are still attracting some
attentions I think.
>> What are you seeing in terms of flows
for domestic retail investors? domestic
retail investors at the same time. I
think well we mentioned uh deposit
migration before so we definitely have
seen gradual inflow from deposits into
investment side of the business but it's
kind of slow but there is separate
retail investors really are getting
involved with ETFs so we have seen
investor size and accounts opening quite
growing rapidly in the ETF you know side
of the business
>> I was going to get your take on what we
just spoke to Paul Chan about about the
the regulatory environment right now.
There's been some growing concerns about
crossber trading
>> and and and mainland investors coming to
Hong Kong,
>> you know, in some ways to open accounts
and whatnot. You know, Paul Chan says
they need to still restore some
confidence when it comes to mainland
investors about this unwarranted leakage
in foreign reser foreign exchange
reserves.
>> Have you seen any sort of impact on
these crossber curves on the ETF
business and the flows coming here? I I
know there has been some different
interpretation of the reason some
regulations are tightening up but to us
one I think the regulations were already
there. It just how we comply with it is
an issue. So in the past there probably
the compliance is not that strict and
now I think just cleaning the house and
trying to make more um regulations
complied. I think that's the basic line
for any you know legal regulation side
of the business. At the same time we
have seen a lot of interest from
domestic investors into QDI product and
I think that um our you know uh
regulators are also encouraging this
type of regulated and really I think
compliant type of investments investing
overseas. So we have seen China AMC we
really have seen a lot of growth in our
QDI AUM recently.
>> You talk about the QDI products and
obviously there is a cap as to how much
mainland investors can put in. What sort
of products are you coming up with to to
draw flows to allow Chinese mainlanders
access to these overseas products?
>> Yeah, I think the regulators also are
trying to diversify the channels that we
can invest. You probably have learned
that we have ETF connect. So we can
actually invest through ETFs into
overseas market currently right and
another side is the uh mutual
recognition actually China AMC we
recently got approved a new product from
mutual recognition so that also is one
channel that we can invest in
international side of the business and
another one is the great bay area
connect so uh those type of connect I
think in the future will expand to
greater regions and then involve more
investors into the process.
>> You just launched this tokenized gold
fund which we talked about last time
today.
>> Uh tell us a bit more about this. This
is the first fully tokenized gold fund.
What is the demand look like here right
now at a time when gold prices are
aren't quite behaving like they used to?
>> Yeah, I think well the the the first
layer is is still a gold fund. So from
uh I think the demand side I think for
gold people have always been strong
demand for gold even though there's
volatility and another layer on top of
that is the tokenization. So I think we
are aiming to prepare the infrastructure
for uh digital assets but as for demand
because it's a long process as how the
infrastructure is going to be built I
think it will be coming on growing
together with the you know digital
assets growth in this region
>> and speaking of digitized assets you're
one of the first movers when it comes to
tokenized R&B assets as well just talk
to us more about that and why should
investors be looking into these
alternative assets.
>> Well, I I think um well when we look at
products is not just investors but also
people who already have those assets who
invest. So I think digital assets if you
look think of it people who hold digital
assets really have the need to invest in
different instruments and we are
preparing the infrastructure we are
preparing the layers of investment
accessibility into the traditional world
with our tokenized products so I think
people it's not like traditional
investors really need to invest in
tokenized products it's more like people
who hold digital assets and their needs
in investing in tokenized products.
>> And when it comes to the ETF space in
mainland China, right, it's still highly
regulated. There isn't any, for example,
actively managed ETFs. Um, tell us about
some of the innovations you're seeing
within that very tightly regulated
space. Well, I wouldn't say it's really
highly highly regulated because we
already have the um well in the sense
more active type of ETF is index
enhancing ETF. So even though it's not
completely passive um but it's not
really like uh going we are going
towards the active side of the you know
indexing and ETFs but I think people
really needs to phase in right so we
need to adapt to ETF adapt to more
actively you know managed type and then
I think definitely we are going to get
active ETF in the future but as to how
the needs are going to transform into
the local market that's really going to
determine when and how we are going to
push that kind of products.
>> I was going to get your take on leverage
ETFs because we've seen what's been
going on in Korea and some of these
listed ones in Hong Kong which in some
ways, you know, investors are now trying
to find that protection to the downside.
>> Mhm.
>> And it's magnifying a lot of the moves.
>> Yeah. and that we're seeing in the Cosby
and the like. I mean, how do you see
this phenomenon playing out here and how
the ETF market is really impacting
overall, you know, sentiment?
>> Yeah. Well, I think it's two-sided
sword, right? uh we have seen a lot of
the you know really momentum from the
you know leverage side and we also
probably in Hong Kong I think well from
what I've planned in our Hong Kong
office we probably there will be new
products coming out in Hong Kong as well
but at the same time we when we seek
protection and then there's could also
be the places we are exposed to higher
risks so I think it's a balanced for how
such products we offer to the markets
and how we are going to educate investor
as to what's the implications really
investing in such products and the
volatility that will impact their
returns.
So uh Hong Kong in some ways has been it
used to be a gateway for international
investors to trade China but now it's
sort of the flip side where you have
Hong Kong being a gateway for Chinese
investors to tap international capital.
um what is your view on um on
fundraising for many of these uh
upcoming um IPOs in the pipeline and
access to international capital?
>> Yeah, definitely. I think Hong Kong has
always been like the bridge and bridging
between you know well domestic money
going out and international investors
investing in China's economy and we are
quite excited about all the new IPOs
especially from the new economy and
giving a chance for international
investors to more accessibility into the
Chinese economy. So we are very much
looking forward to participate not only
from our investment side because we also
have QDI products that can invest in
Hong Kong market. At the same time we
are actually attracting international
investors attention. So we have you know
products in Thailand. We have products
in uh Brazil that uh investors are very
keen in investing in the technology
booming in China. Looks like I we warmed
you guys up for your panel on this
[laughter] happy news this afternoon.
Thank you. China AMC of course. So
thanks to Law China correspondent
joining us here at the Bloomberg Invest
Hong Kong. Well, much more coming up
next for a panel really continue to
attract this private capital one uh
that's happening currently. This is
Bloomberg. A
>> lot more nuance. I think our advice is
always you know be what you are right. I
mean if you have China strength you
should leverage on the China strength.
If you want to go to market uh in
international market find partners that
will allow you to lend some markets may
be off limits and it's not where they
should go right I so I think for the mid
to later stage companies the
conversation is a lot more nuance um and
I think that it has to be also very
transparent I I we always said don't try
to be cute because the world isn't cute
right and you know information
transparency is all out there your
customers know you yourself know and so
whatever you do in terms of structuring
doing your business just make sure that
it can you can you know stand um the the
test of conversation or you can stand
the test of you know media or headlines
I think maybe that's the litmus test
that our founders found after they
decide what they want to do to go
through that litmus test as well
>> standing the test of conversation
meaning uh the optics are as important
as being legally compliant um so um
let's have a look at the poll that we
did earlier where is your highest
conviction in Asia private markets over
the next two to three [music] years. And
our winner is growth equity. Um that's a
perfect segment into our next question
announcer
[music]
for the stock market. We are reviewing
our listing regime to make it move with
times, make it easier uh for
companies of the future. uh say for
example hacker companies to to be easier
to lease on our stock exchange. Uh we
are also working to expand uh uh to
lower the transaction cost uh to improve
the settlement cycle. So it is on
multifund multiple fund to enhance the
competitiveness of our listing regime.
I think that this is detrimental to your
US interest.
Why don't you welcome the liquidity from
all over the world? Yeah, I think this
is for us. Uh when you look at Shanghai,
look at Sunen, we have huge number of
excellent tech companies at very
attractive valuation waiting for
investment. No matter it is IPO or
private equity, VCs or even patient
capital. Uh nowadays through the Hong
Kong IC we have been channeling
sovereign funds from the other
jurisdictions and long-term [music]
funds to co-invest with us into
industries of the future.
>> And that was Hong Kong financial
secretary Paul Chan speaking to us
earlier on stage here at Bloomberg
Invest. And certainly uh it led to a lot
of a discussion immediately about Hong
Kong and you know what what Paul Chen
really said was that in some ways they
do still need to attempt to inspire the
confidence of Chinese authorities after
this sweeping crackdown from Beijing
when it comes to crossber stock trading
which has hit some of these online
brokerages. But in terms of you know
it's really what they said is a way to
weed out illicit sort of trading right
so if it's still the proper channels
Paul Chen still maintains that things
are still business as usual uh and what
he said what it really was that in some
ways the mainland mainland still
supports Hong Kong and wants Hong Kong
to succeed as an international financial
hub. So uh of course markets have been a
little bit wobbly when it comes to the
impact this could have on these banks.
We have seen some uh and maybe perhaps
as a precautionary measure here uh
suspend new accounts from opening when
it comes to savings accounts or
investment accounts as well. UBS we've
been reporting as well had to suspend or
delay or postpone uh one of their
mid-year wealth events in China. HSBC is
also discouraging travel from some of
these Hong Kong based wealth managers uh
to go to mainland. Uh so certainly uh
there is a bit of I guess caution uh
from the financial services world about
what and how far reaching these crossber
curves will will mean. Um but still Paul
Chan says Hong Kong for years will
remain that hot spot for mainland China
looking to park their money overseas. So
you know he still thinks the pipeline
for IPOs is strong. When it comes to uh
you know that offshore wealth hub Hong
Kong just recently surpassed the likes
of Switzerland and retained that top
spot. he thinks that still remains uh
solid for now. So certainly uh pretty
interesting uh takeaways from the
financial secretary here. Markets though
at a time when we are seeing uh some
risk trimming across the board here. The
Cosby as you can see we're lower again
in Korea by about 3 and a half% here
today. Hangen is lower by about 1% and
1% losses when it comes to uh Japan as
well as in Taipei. So Korea still
leading the charge lower here. We're
focusing on some of these big moves
particularly when it comes to uh
chipmakers in Japan for example. Tokyo
Electron is doing this year right now.
We're see actually gains of about 5% or
so. Watching also moves in 10 cents
still looking a little bit better but
SoftBank seems to be really driving
things lower here in Japan today and
SKHix as well. We're lower by about uh
5%. Obviously, there has been some
tensions when it comes to Iran as well
after the US talked about possibly, you
know, retaliating after that US
helicopter was shot and certainly
there's been more escalations and
flare-ups there. So, certainly that is
weighing overall on risk here this
morning. Uh, and really uh a really
perfect segue into why we're having this
Bloomberg Invest uh event here in Hong
Kong. You can check it out of course on
your terminal and of course our website
for all things that's going on here. For
terminal subscribers, make sure to go to
the function T Live Go for all the
commentary behind the scenes, all the
comments that we're getting on stage
there. You're watching the China Show.
[music]
This is also highly related to to the to
the funds the quality of the GP of funds
and and under underlying assets. So uh
we this is why uh to invest in
secondaries that
>> All right, that was of course that panel
when it comes to private capital. Where
is the conviction right now? Our very
own Lu Chen has been speaking with
Granite Asia senior managing partner
Jenny Lee and Hamilton Lane's co-head of
Asia Investment Ning Chen Sha speaking
there on stage. We are still of course
waiting uh for uh this new panel that's
coming up with David who's speaking with
the PAG uh head as well. Uh let's listen
in right now on that private capital
panel.
>> Then these companies are then getting to
the end of the exit pie. So if anything
I would say private credit is probably a
better asset if you're looking at Asia
because it helps to capture not just AI
or technative companies but also the
transformation that would change even
category leaders traditional into new
you know tech transform companies. So I
think credit is one way because it's
nondilutive capital. It allows the same
companies to be able to tap uh the
expertise with tech transformation but
in a private credit manner. So I think
underserved asset class um definitely uh
worth a seat at the table um from the
growth that we are seeing in the
category.
>> Yeah. One final question for your fund
uh in terms of exits what's in the
pipeline whether it be IPOs or M&As. Um
>> absolutely. So with among uh across all
our equity funds we've had six IPOs in
the last 12 months across the Asia
markets uh we have actually close to 20
companies uh for the next 12 to 18
months and again across uh the different
markets from of course Hong Kong uh
takes a big lion share of this but also
includes you know uh India market, Japan
market and uh uh the US market as well.
So we that's why I said we need the
market to stay sane and stay open
>> right
>> for for returns back to our airlines.
>> One final question uh if you had
$100,000 where would you put it? Yeah, I
think I I answered this right. I think
in that sense I think AI for longevity
would be very cool and if I were to look
at 5 to 10 year if I can and said you
know now let's move on from AI then
there are three areas I think one uh
quantum computing we I always thought it
may be 10 years later but where I'm
seeing the the the talent and the
engineering and the startup that's
coming we think that quantum computing
may be here in less than 3 years um I
think it's there number two in terms of
energy a lot of conversations about
energy right and
nuclear energy the different components
sensors startups um there's also a lot
of uh activity here not just in the big
markets like US and China but across the
board I think governments are taking a
very active approach to think about how
to resolve the energy issue and nuclear
is uh a key and of course I think last
if you're all tracking the SpaceX IPO I
would say that the conversations around
compute in space
a level we are already seeing you know
quite a bunch of emerging uh startups
trying to really address the issue of
you know if you can get [clears throat]
compute to space which is where the
launches will help then what does it
take to build real compute in space so
those will be the three uh you know
so-called next areas or next frontier
>> it's a long listing chin
>> I I need more than 100
>> yeah [laughter] I I answer the question
uh on the portfolio construction but I
can answer the question uh in a little
bit different different uh way so the
the I think the in the private markets
the bright spot for us is are three
things. One is buy as I mentioned, one
is secondary, another is infra. So these
three strategy within uh prior markets
globally.
All right, we're going to leave that
panel there uh as of course we look
ahead to David's panels coming up with
PG, but certainly there's going to be a
lot of talk about what what's going on
not just in private markets but really
uh what has been booming in terms of
Hong Kong is its IPO market and really
had some interesting takes from Paul
Chen, the financial secretary during my
panel about uh the what our sources have
been telling us with Hong Kong and
Chinese investors barred from taking and
being part of this SpaceX IPO later on
this week. So you know according to Paul
Chan this is quite detrimental. He says
it's a US interest as well given the
fact that there are very interesting
companies even in the Shanghai and
Shenzhen there are uh very in terms of
high-tech critical technology that are
going to be listed as well. Uh so
there's a lot to talk about there with
Paul Tran not just when it comes to the
outlook of the economy which he still
thinks remain strong here but also when
it comes to these crossber curves and
what it really could mean for the
financial services industry in Hong
Kong. Uh but the the key takeaway was
that they do have to in some ways
attempt to inspire confidence uh once
again to the mainland. Uh I'm going to
bring you back to a stage there. There
you go. Our very own David Glass is
about to speak with PG CEO and
co-founder Chris Gradel here at
Bloomberg Invest Hong Kong. Let's listen
in and how some of the editorial
conversations have been curated here. So
from from Paul Chan, we've had pretty
much a very big uh presence of private
market allocations and conversations. We
just had one with Lulu of course and
here and we have of course Chris here
from PJ and shortly after this Apollo is
coming on as well uh with Eric and I
think that's a really good sort of place
to start. We were just having this
conversation before we came up here in
terms of how you think
global investors are underallocated to
this part of the world. I wonder if you
could support that with with some
numbers Chris.
>> Yeah, I mean I think traditionally there
has been this trend. You go to the US
first and then you go to Europe and then
you do a little bit of Asia and um you
know you still see that in the numbers
where AP pack is 37% of [music] GDP
global GDP but only 15%